about/index.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About the Jekyll Theme
excerpt: "So Simple is a responsive Jekyll theme for your words and images."
modified: 2014-08-08T19:44:38.564948-04:00
image:
  feature: so-simple-sample-image-4.jpg
  credit: WeGraphics
  creditlink: http://wegraphics.net/downloads/free-ultimate-blurred-background-pack/
---

Looking for a simple, responsive, theme for your Jekyll powered blog? Well look no further. Here be **So Simple Theme**, the follow up to [**Minimal Mistakes**](http://mmistakes.github.io/minimal-mistakes) --- by designer slash illustrator [Michael Rose](http://mademistakes.com).

## So Simple Theme is all about:

* Responsive templates. Looking good on mobile, tablet, and desktop.
* Gracefully degrading in older browsers. Compatible with Internet Explorer 9+ and all modern browsers.
* Minimal embellishments and subtle animations.
* Optional large feature images for posts and pages.
* [Custom 404 page]({{ site.url }}/404.html) to get you started.
* [Simple site search](https://github.com/christian-fei/Simple-Jekyll-Search)
* Support for Disqus Comments

<a markdown="0" href="{{ site.url }}/theme-setup" class="btn">Install So Simple Theme</a>

[^1]: Example: *domain.com/category-name/post-title*

Commit message:

This is my initial commit with a blank slate of sorts

about/index.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Mark's Blog
excerpt: "So Simple is a responsive Jekyll theme for your words and images."
modified: 2016-02-29 10:32:44
image:
  feature: nevada.jpg
  credit: myWife
---

***Welcome to my blog!*** 

As a quick introduction, and as you may have guessed, I'm Mark. I presently live in [Scranton, PA](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dunder_Mifflin) with my wife, Caitlin. 

We moved here in August of last year, and for the past 5 or so months, I've been working as a barista at [Zummo's Cafe](https://www.facebook.com/zummoscafe/).

I read and wrote my first lines of JavaScript in October of last year. I'm hooked. Ever since working at a startup-stage company in San Francisco, I've been increasingly more excited to start building great products. My path to programming prowess (not close yet) took me through several resources and finally, as of February, 29 2016, I'm enrolled in and attending [***Hack Reactor Remote Beta***](http://www.hackreactor.com/remote-beta) as a member of the 14th cohort. 

I'm hoping this blog serves as my grounding amidst the chaos and my sounding block for anyone with time to read it--- it'll be my personal journal, and a way of staying in touch with friends and family who are having trouble reaching me. (sorry in advance!)

Thanks for stopping by! 

[^1]: Example: *domain.com/category-name/post-title*
